INTMDB-528-Feature custom dns config cluster aws (#176)
mongodb/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources: cfn-resources/custom-dns-configuration-cluster-aws/README.md

# MongoDB::Atlas::CustomDnsConfigurationClusterAws

## Description

> Returns, adds and removes custom dns configuration for AWS cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns, adds and removes custom DNS configurations for MongoDB Atlas database deployments on AWS.
```

## Attributes & Parameters

Please consult the [Resource Docs](https://github.com/PeerIslands/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources/blob/feature-custom-dns-config-cluster-aws/cfn-resources/custom-dns-configuration-cluster-aws/docs/README.md)

## Local Testing

The local tests are integrated with the AWS sam local and cfn invoke tooling features:

```
sam local start-lambda --skip-pull-image
```
then in another shell:
```bash
#https://www.mongodb.com/docs/mongocli/stable/configure/environment-variables/
#Set the public API key for commands that interact with your MongoDB service.
export MCLI_PUBLIC_API_KEY = ""
#Set the private API key for commands that interact with your MongoDB service.
export MCLI_PRIVATE_API_KEY=""
#Sets the project ID for commands that require the --projectId option.
export MCLI_PROJECT_ID = ""

cd ${repo_root}/cfn-resources/custom-dns-configuration-cluster-aws
./test/custom-dns-config-cluster-aws.create-sample-cfn-request.sh > test.request.json
echo "Sample request:"
cat test.request.json
cfn invoke CREATE test.request.json
cfn invoke DELETE test.request.json
```

Both CREATE & DELETE tests must pass.

> 

Reviewer: Missing Example Section, can you add and link to Example directory: https://github.com/mongodb/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources/tree/master/examples

./examples/custom-dns-configuration-cluster-aws/Deploy.sh
```

| Operation | Flag       | Reference links                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
|-----------|------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| PATCH     | true/false | [From MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/#tag/Custom-DNS-for-Atlas-Clusters-Deployed-to-AWS/operation/toggleOneStateOfOneCustomDnsConfigurationForAtlasClustersOnAws) |
| READ      | true/false | [From MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/#tag/Custom-DNS-for-Atlas-Clusters-Deployed-to-AWS)                                    |

> For more information see: MongoDB Atlas API [CustomeDNSConfigurationClusterAWS Endpoint](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/#tag/Custom-DNS-for-Atlas-Clusters-Deployed-to-AWS) Documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information see: MongoDB Atlas API Endpoint [Custom DNS for Atlas Clusters Deployed to AWS](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/#tag/Custom-DNS-for-Atlas-Clusters-Deployed-to-AWS) Documentation.
```

## Attributes & Parameters

Please consult the [Resource Docs](https://github.com/PeerIslands/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources/blob/feature-custom-dns-config-cluster-aws/cfn-resources/custom-dns-configuration-cluster-aws/docs/README.md)

## Local Testing

The local tests are integrated with the AWS sam local and cfn invoke tooling features:

```
sam local start-lambda --skip-pull-image
```
then in another shell:
```bash
#https://www.mongodb.com/docs/mongocli/stable/configure/environment-variables/
#Set the public API key for commands that interact with your MongoDB service.
export MCLI_PUBLIC_API_KEY = ""
#Set the private API key for commands that interact with your MongoDB service.
export MCLI_PRIVATE_API_KEY=""
#Sets the project ID for commands that require the --projectId option.
export MCLI_PROJECT_ID = ""

cd ${repo_root}/cfn-resources/custom-dns-configuration-cluster-aws
./test/custom-dns-config-cluster-aws.create-sample-cfn-request.sh > test.request.json
echo "Sample request:"
cat test.request.json
cfn invoke CREATE test.request.json
cfn invoke DELETE test.request.json
```

Both CREATE & DELETE tests must pass.

> ## CloudFormation Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## CloudFormation Example
```

> Please see the [CFN Template](test/custom-dns-config-cluster-aws.sample-cfn-request.json) for example resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see the [custom-dns-configuration-cluster-aws](https://github.com/mongodb/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources/tree/master/examples/custom-dns-configuration-cluster-aws) for example resource
```
